# GJHChurch
 
Executive Summary
Primary Objective: To create a database for the growing congregation of GJH Church for their record-keeping functions.
Client: GJH Church
Overview: Once a small gathering, GJH Church now has a congregation of around five hundred members. As the church continues to grow rapidly, the client needs a database for various record-keeping functions. One of the functions is to be able to manage church membership information. Another is to manage volunteer information, which includes church events and volunteer work open for members and visitors’ participation, both current and upcoming. The client intends to permit members to access their member account, allow replay of past preachings, allow members to apply for staff positions and allow staff to access and update the pastor, staff, and members list and other functions as needed. The client also gives the flexibility to add necessary entities and functions to the site.
To manage this, the database will have four entities with their individual attributes. The member entity will have the following attributes: member ID, first name, last name, e-mail, address, phone number, event ID. The staff entity will have the following attributes: employee ID, first name, last name, e-mail, address, phone number, position, event ID. The events entity will have the following attributes: event ID, events description, date, time, location. The guest entity will have the following attributes: guest ID, first name, last name, e-mail, event ID. Each entity will also represent a table in the database.
Users: The users of the following database include GJH church staff, church members, and visitors.
